Corrective Brief & Final Instructions: Building the IntelliTarget Hierarchical Explorer
1. Your Core Task: A Final Clarification
Your previous attempts did not produce the correct user interface. The goal is not a series of separate dropdown menus, nor is it a "drill-down" navigation system that replaces the view at each level.

The required component is a single, interactive, hierarchical tree view, similar to a file explorer in an operating system (like Windows Explorer or macOS Finder). Users must be able to see multiple levels of the hierarchy at once and expand/collapse branches of the tree in place.

2. The Required User Experience (UX) - Step-by-Step
The user interaction must follow this exact flow:

Initial State: The UI displays only the three top-level (Level 1) categories: "Demographics," "Interests," and "Behaviors." Each has an arrow/chevron icon next to it, indicating it is expandable.

Expanding a Category: When a user clicks on "Demographics," it expands directly below, revealing its Level 2 children ("Education," "Financial," etc.). The "Demographics" title remains visible, and the "Interests" and "Behaviors" categories are still visible below it.

Deeper Expansion: If the user then clicks on a Level 2 item like "Education" (which also has children), it expands in place to show its Level 3 children ("Education Level," "Fields of study," etc.).

Selectable Items: An item can only be selected (i.e., have a checkbox next to it) if it is a "leaf node"—meaning it has no children. An item that has children is an expandable "parent node" and cannot be selected itself.

State Persistence: The expanded/collapsed state of each category must be independent. A user should be able to have "Demographics > Education" expanded at the same time as "Interests > Shopping and fashion" is also expanded.

3. The Definitive Logic: Parent vs. Leaf
The logic for rendering each item is simple and must be derived directly from the database structure we have created. Do not change the database structure; it is correct.

If item.children.length > 0:

This is a Parent Node.

It must not have a checkbox.

It must have a clickable arrow/chevron icon to toggle its expanded/collapsed state.

Clicking its name or the arrow should trigger the expand/collapse action.

If item.children.length === 0:

This is a Leaf Node.

It must have a checkbox to allow selection.

It must not have an arrow/chevron icon.

4. Technical Implementation Guide
To achieve this, you must build a recursive React component.

Create a TreeNode component that accepts a single item from our database as a prop.

Inside TreeNode, use state to manage whether the current node is expanded (e.g., const [isExpanded, setIsExpanded] = useState(false);).

Use conditional rendering:

Check if (item.children && item.children.length > 0).

If TRUE (it's a Parent): Render a div containing the item's name and an icon. Make this div clickable to toggle the isExpanded state. Below this div, if isExpanded is true, map over the item.children array and recursively render a <TreeNode> for each child.

If FALSE (it's a Leaf): Render a div containing a checkbox and the item's name.

Initial Render: In your main component, fetch only the top-level (Level 1) items and render a <TreeNode> for each one. The recursive component will handle fetching and rendering all deeper levels as the user interacts with the UI.

By following these precise instructions, you will build the correct, intuitive, and powerful interface our users need.